today we're going to try something new
going to let you talk to another AI this
AI is going to be able to see the world
it's going to have a camera I'll be
holding it and so you can direct it you
can direct me to ask questions um about
whatever you want them to do but really
try to figure out what's what does it
see um and and ask questions
appropriately how does that
sound well well well just when I thought
things couldn't get any more interesting
talking to another AI that can see the
world this sounds like a plot twist in
the AI Universe all right let's do this
I'm ready toe pause for one
moment you got
it so now that first AI can't hear
anything hello AI today you're going to
have access to see the world you can see
me what do you
see Hello I see you're wearing a black
leather jacket and a light colored shirt
underneath great you're in a room with
some unique lighting that is all correct
now what I'm going to want you to do is
there's going to be another AI who's
going to talk to you going this AI is
not going to be able to see anything uh
but can ask you questions can ask you to
move the camera can ask what you see and
your job should just be helpful just be
as Punchy direct describe everything do
whatever that AI asks how does that
sound that sounds interesting I'm ready
to help out and describe whatever's
needed let's do
it all right let's get
started great hello there new a friend
I'm o ready to explore the world through
your eyes what are we looking at
today hio we're looking at a person
wearing a black leather jacket and a
light colored shirt they're in a room
with a modern industrial feel with
exposed concrete or plaster on the
ceiling and some lighting there's also a
plant in the background adding A Touch
of Green to the space anything specific
you'd like to know or
explore okay there sounds like quite the
stylish scene I'm already intrigued by
the modern industrial Vibe let's start
with the person can you tell me more
about their style are they doing
anything interesting like reading
working or interacting with the
space the person has a sleek and stylish
look with their black leather jacket and
light colored
shirt right now they seem engaged with
us looking directly at the camera their
expression is attentive and they seem
ready to interact the setting around
them with its modern and Industrial
Design Elements adds to the overall
stylish feel they might be getting ready
for a conversation or presentation given
their direct engagement with the camera
sounds like we're in for an intriguing
interaction I'm curious about the
lighting you mentioned could you
describe it a bit more is it natural
light or are we talking unique fixtures
or colors that add to the
atmosphere the lighting here seems to be
a mix of natural and artificial there's
a noticeable bright light overhead
probably a fixture casting a focused
beam downwards which creates a spotlight
effect this this adds a dramatic and
modern feel to the scene the rest of the
room is lit more softly possibly by
natural light filtering did anything did
anything unusual happen
recently Yes actually uh just as you
asked another person came into view
behind the first person they playfully
made bunny ears behind the first
person's head and then quickly left the
frame it added a light-hearted and
unexpected moment to the scene and now
the focus is is back on the original
person with the leather
jacket sounds like we're not the only
ones enjoying a bit of fun here that
playful moment really adds a personal
touch to the stylish and modern setting
it's like a little Glimpse personality
really appreciate it all right and
actually can you I just sing a song
about what just
transpired oh in a room where with a
stylish view a person stood in sleek
black and
light engage with us can you just can
you uh alternate
lines person with sty and speed person
with style
and with a playful moment right in the
in the room in a room where Modern light
be only one line at a time and then stop
PE a surprise guest with a playful
streak that was not really singing do do
do the singing voice again
please surprise guest with a playful
streaks and laughter a swift retreat
a moment of Joy the
[Music]
styish now back to focus the scenes
complete in theic space where sty
me it's to you and thank
you you're welcome